I'm GrandStrategos. I create the ORBATs for this repository. This was done by
making use of multiple available sources from various institution, as well as
contributions and assistance from various members in the CMO Discord and elsewhere.
The list of these people is far too extensive, but everyone has my thanks.

The goal of these ORBATs is to provide a stable resource for people to build 
scenarios with, using formations as close to accurate as I can feasibly get. 
It also serves as a tool to present the scope of these militaries in a visual 
manner.

A few notes:
1) The number of aircraft is not completely accurate all around. I chose a
base number for squadrons, then readjusted based on sources I had. So there is
some degree of error with true squadron count in some cases. Some cases, like
with the MQ-9 Reaper squadrons, I had to make a guess on both size (using TMB
and the Air Force Almanac in conjunction) and the actual number of squadrons 
(There was misalignment between reported # of squadrons in TMB and from other 
sources.). There is a likely reason why this is the case. Thus, once more, it
is not 100% accurate, but this is as close as I can probably get without
having access to military documentation.

2) I make usage of Kushan's airbases for CONUS and other air bases.
That, however, was made a while back, and doesn't cover everything. Furthermore,
I don't provide as much scrutiny to the creation of airbases, only seeking to
make quick and dirty ones that can be loaded up, filled up with fuel and/or ammo,
and are ready to go. The USMC ones are literally single-unit airbases for example.
USAF ones have slightly more detail. I may come back and change these later.

3) In some cases, such as the PLAN, exact formations are not available. In
these cases, the units are lumped into a single group. 

IF you have any questions, suggestions, or corrections, then feel free to contact
me directly on the CMO Discord, or PM me on Discord (GrandStrategos#7520). I work a few
projects outside of this one, so I may not reply immediately.